В3. The stage of the full text/reference list processing, links to which received from B2.1. The procedures T6 and T7 make this processing. Status information about results of the processing are visualized at pages of related papers (A5) by the procedure T8. 

Т6. To create a procedure for monitoring of different types of output from procedures T2 and T4. If there are only full text/reference list as PDF, the procedure runs conversion of PDF to text. Otherwise the procedure passes on the received data to the next stage. 
Performers: RP, VL and SP. Duration – 1 m.

В3.1. If T6 receives the full text/reference list as a text version, the procedure passes it on to the next stage B4, since the text version does not need additional processing. 	

В3.2. If T6 receives the PDF version of a full text/reference list, it runs the procedure T7 to process PDF by conversion it into a text version.	

В3.2.1. The procedure T7 makes conversion of the PDF to the text/HTML5 version. Status information about conversion results (“success” or “failure”) and, if conversion was successful, a link to the text version of PDF are added to the paper’s page (A6) by the procedure T8.	

Т7. To create a procedure for conversion of PDF to text/HTML5. Parscit module can produce a plain text version of a paper. HTML5 version can be produced by using PhantomJS, https://github.com/adityab/pdf2html5, or Meteor - https://github.com/peerlibrary/meteor-pdf.js. Performers: RP, VL and SP. Duration– 3 m.

В3.2.2. The PDF conversion can have the “failure” status, since some PDF has no text layer or it can be created by very old outdated algorithms.	

В3.2.3. Status information about results of the processing are visualized at pages of related papers (A5) by the procedure T8. Authors or publishers of papers having the “failure” status for a conversion of their PDF can use the procedure T4 to enter links to or to download a proper PDF. After that the conversion is repeated at B3.2.1 stage. All data entered by authors/publishers are visualized by the procedure T5 at pages of related papers at ComRIS. It allows a public control (A4.1) over correctness of the authors/publishers actions.	

Т8. To create a visualization of status information (success or failure) on results of working T7. By papers ID this information should be available for external information systems. If the status is “success” the procedure also visualizes on the papers pages the links to generated text versions of the full text/reference lists. 
Performers: SP and VL. Duration – 1 m.
